Further documentation improvements (#121)
1Password/scim-examples: kubernetes/README.md

You can do this with `curl`, as an example:

```sh
curl --header "Authorization: Bearer TOKEN_GOES_HERE" https://<domain>/scim/Users
```

You can now continue with the administration guide to configure your Identity Provider to enable provisioning with your SCIM Bridge.

## Upgrading

> It should be relatively simple to upgrade the SCIM Bridge from previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade the SCIM Bridge from previous versions follow these steps
```

> First, you `git pull` the latest versions from this repository. Then, you re-apply the `.yaml` files.

Reviewer: the command list already tell that story
```suggestion
```

```bash
cd scim-examples/
git pull
cd kubernetes/
kubectl apply -f .
```

> This should seamlessly upgrade your SCIM Bridge to the latest version. The process takes about 2-3 minutes for the Bridge to come back online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will  upgrade your SCIM Bridge to the latest version, the process takes about 2-3 minutes.
```

> **NOTE:** As of October 2020, the `scim-examples` Kubernetes deployment now uses `op-scim-config.yaml` to set the configuration needed for your SCIM Bridge, and has changed the deployment names from `op-scim` to `op-scim-bridge`, and `redis` to `op-scim-redis` for clarity and consistency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### October 2020 Upgrade

As of October 2020, the `scim-examples` Kubernetes deployment now uses `op-scim-config.yaml` to set the configuration needed for your SCIM Bridge, and has changed the deployment names from `op-scim` to `op-scim-bridge`, and `redis` to `op-scim-redis` for clarity and consistency. 
```

You’ll need to re-configure your options in `op-scim-config.yaml`, particularly `OP_LETSENCRYPT_DOMAIN`. You may also want to delete your previous `op-scim` and `redis` deployments to prevent conflict between the two versions.

```bash

> kubectl delete deployments.apps op-scim redis

Reviewer: This is the preferred k8s-cli as it makes it clear that it delete both deployments 

```suggestion
kubectl delete deployment/opscim deployment/redis
```

kubectl apply -f .
```

> You’ll then need to update your SCIM Bridge’s domain name DNS record with its new static IP, if any, which you can find by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll then need to update your SCIM Bridge’s domain name DNS record, which you can find by running:
```

Let's stop talking about "static IPs" a CNAME entry is also ok, (its also what AWS provides when referring to loadbalancers)

```bash

> kubectl describe service/op-scim-bridge | grep "LoadBalancer Ingress" | cut -d' ' -f7

Reviewer: This is a command that is really dependable of kubectl version and its output (it also changed recently). I'd rather leave the piping part out. This future proofs us

```suggestion
# Find the load balancer ingress from that command
kubectl describe service/op-scim-bridge
```

```

This is a one-time operation to change the deployment and service names of the SCIM Bridge so they are more easily identifiable to administrators.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Advanced deployments

The following are helpful tips in case you wish to perform an advanced deployment.

> 

Reviewer: Is it a linter that adds all those newlines ?
